hello andreas from android nexteer me
have the acer iconia tab on the ifa times
viewed at the booth and you can
closer
that's a new one
beginner tablet for the near future for
price of 190 euros is offered
accordingly were the equipment
she is not bad at that
mediathek quad core processor on board
with a clock of 1.3 gigahertz
it is a gigabyte ram installed and 16
gb internal memory of itself
micro sd card and another 32 gb
expand
the further equipment 2 megapixel
camera on the front at the side have
We try to clear it up
yes exactly the micro sd slot for micro
usb micro sd slot forgiveness an audio
jack and a micro hdmi ports is the
power button here the volume rocker
on the back is a 5 megapixel
camera and stereo speaker with dolby
digital plus sound also on the
sides down
I guess if one exactly
the back is made of matt
Plastic feels very good and
the moment whoops here now have the
the surface is android 442
preinstalled i'll show you this
I'm just so blind about this
tablet
it's going to be fair play so it is
android is already predominantly relative
is very much at a talk android
natural aids already has some
own software solutions installed like
the acer store an acer portal if here
additional music player and
but it keeps its own borders
i need a software solution from acer
say the device will be 499 euros
be available soon and that was it
with my round trip to the concept 10
I am andreas from android next
you liked the video licon or
Shear or subscribe